Fix application error (#138)
c-hive/dotdev: README.md

#### Deploy to GitHub Pages
- [Fork me](/../../fork)
- Store a [deployment key](https://github.com/JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action/tree/dev#using-an-ssh-deploy-key-) in the `DEPLOY_KEY` secret

> - Store the output of `npm run print-config` in the `CONFIG` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Edit `config/config.yml`
- Run `npm run print-config`
- Store the output in the `CONFIG` secret
```

Author: https://github.com/c-hive/dotdev/pull/138/commits/7f816ffe4f6a9fadf9172204898857e9e84b60d4

#### Deploy elsewhere
- [Fork me](/../../fork)
- Set up custom deployment workflow

> - Store the output of `npm run print-config` in the `CONFIG` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Edit `config/config.yml`
- Run `npm run print-config`
- Store the output in the `CONFIG` environment variable
```

Author: https://github.com/c-hive/dotdev/pull/138/commits/c987cbf9b1effd083ba582a53d1f5ded763b996e
